Add fixing branches guide (#1909)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: org-cyf-guides/content/reviewing/fixing/index.md

+++
title="Fixing a PR Branch"
description="Learn how to fix a branch that has the wrong files on it"
time=20
objectives=[
    "Correctly make new branches from main",
    "Recognise when a branch doesn't meet PR requirements",
    "Fix a branch with the wrong files on it",
]
+++

## Making a new branch 

While learning at Code Your Future, you will develop lots of projects and backlog tasks.
While working on projects you will be using branches and PRs in Git and GitHub.

You might be: 
* Forking projects, working in a branch, and submitting finished backlog items as PRs
* Working in a team on a project, sharing the work in branches, and reviewing each other with PRs

To make a PR you first need to make a branch and develop some code there.
Branches are made in Git, on your own machine.
PRs are made in GitHub.

To avoid problems, you should only create a new branch when you are on the *`main`* branch.

### In VS Code
Here is a summary of the correct way to make a branch in VS Code:

1. You are ready to start a new piece of work

> 2. Switch back to the main branch in VS Code by clicking on the branch name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Switch back to the main branch in VS Code by clicking on the branch name in the bottom left corner
```

3. Create a new branch, named for the thing you are about to work on
4. Start editing and making commits

> You can see extra guidance for how to [manage branches on VS Code here](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/sourcecontrol/branches-worktrees).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find extra guidance by reading the [official docs on managing branches in VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/sourcecontrol/branches-worktrees).
```

This is a real nitpick: we generally want to avoid using "here" in link text for usability and accessibility, but I recognise it's not a huge deal here because you have given more context than just "here" with the link text. I've left a comment because I think it's just about worth a change still as the word itself doesn't add much, but if you strongly disagree I'm happy with that too!

Author: This makes a lot of sense - thanks for pointing it out
